if you missed out on the mini star wars
day celebrations yesterday don't you
fret we're breaking down the best
moments from around the world if you
didn't know something that started as a
clever pun has turned may the fourth
into the day Star Wars fans celebrate
their favorite franchise that we didn't
get any major announcements about the
upcoming trilogy which is a bummer they
were still plenty of things to celebrate
in Italy fans amassed outside the famous
Coliseum where they have a chance to
meet and shake hands with none other
than Darth Vader while folks in
Argentina celebrated by running and were
treated to lightsaber duel
demonstrations episode 7 star r2d2 took
some time to celebrate by shooting off
to the International Space Station to
save NASA's star wars day message to the
people of Earth but returned home in
time to answer fan questions on Good
Morning America and even posed with Rick
Springfield RT wasn't the only episode 7
star who made an appearance you guys
Chewbacca appeared alongside Disney
chairman Bob Iger on a photo that was
posted on the official Star Wars
Instagram it's not clear if that's Peter
Mayhew behind all that fur but we're
guessing it is despite no episode 7 news
director JJ Abrams appeared with
screenwriter Lawrence Kasdan in a short
video to confirm that last week's
casting announcements won't be the last
no word on when more announcements will
happen but we're expecting it won't be
as long as principal photography is
expected to start in London on May
fourteenth probably the biggest reveal
of the day was the first trailer from
the upcoming Disney XD series Star Wars
rebels the animated series takes place
between episode 3 Revenge of the Sith
and then episode for a new hope and
focuses on the crew of the starship that
set out to take on the growing Empire we
learned last week that the series will
be considered Star Wars Canon along with
the previous films and we could even see
events and characters from that series
appear in
so'd 7 one theory is that new cast
member max von sydow could be playing
the starships captain who is also a Jedi
we have course had to get in on the star
wars day festivities and decided to
celebrate by naming seven things why we
love Star Wars to check out our list be
sure to click right there so how did you
celebrate star horse day share your may
the fourth day adventures with us in the
comments and be sure you've subscribed
to our channel for the latest Star Wars
news as it happens i'm aaron robinson
and thanks for watching